Desription:

Spider is a type of patience game, known in Chinese as ?????.

The game is played with 2 decks of cards (104 cards). The player's goal
is to remove all cards from the game area. Initially, 54 cards are
placed in the game area distributed across 10 stacks, with only the top
card of each stack visible to the player. The player can then move cards
across stacks, and each move is legal if
(1) cards moved are of the same suit and arranged in consecutive 
    numerical order, with the smallest on top, and
(2) the rank of the top card of the destination exceed that of the
    bottom card of the moved cards by 1.

The player can also redeal up to 5 times. Each redeal adds 10 cards to the
game area, with 1 card on each stack. No stack should be empty in order to
redeal. All 5 redealing must be done to win the game.

The player will have to input commands to control the game. Possible
commands are given below:
Possible commands are shown below:
N M: N and M are integers from 0 to 9, with 0 corresponding to the
     leftmost stack and 9 corresponding to the rightmost stack. Cards
     will be moved from stack N to stack M if the desired move is
     legal. Such move, if legal, is always unique.
r:   Redeal.
x:   Exit the game.
Commands are case-insensitive.

The above information is also given in MatLab using 'help spider'.


Project files:

spider.m - main program
cardstack.m - contains the handle class 'cardstack' and 2 methods
              'countchain' and 'move'
card.m - contains the value class 'card'
resource - directory containing the following 2 files
    card.png - card graphics (front)
    back.png - card graphics (back)
    graphics are created by me using MS Paint.


Game flow:

The player should call spider(suit) to start the game. Possible values
of suit are 1, 2 and 4. Defaulted to 4 if it is not provided. 1 suit
spider is the easiest and 4 suit spider is the hardest.

My program will then create a game area in figure 1. The player is advised
to enlarge the figure so that it takes up at least half of the screen to
improve visibility.

The player can then input commands via the console to play the game.
